H it's time for St Nick to visit regular
Nick who as head of Creator Warehouse
has been working away on toys and gifts
for LTT store.com for 6
years that is too long sir to be making
toys for others and to not receive any
of your own so courtesy of AMD we are
upgrading your gaming computer we are
adding a KVM switch and we are putting
in some sweet in sealing audio also you
bought an 8ot high snowman why I'm a dad
now dude at least this is better than
your original plan anyway let's get
started or by the time this is uploaded
Christmas could be
[Music]
over oh it's getting cold outside
that's why AMD wants you to stay inside
and game they are giving away a ryen 7
9800 x3d and Xbox series X and even some
goie hexagon light panels all you have
to do to enter is head to the link in
the video description thanks AMD for
sponsoring our 2024 upgrade series
realistically this is going to be a very
interesting let's see what you've taken
from the office because as head of
Creator Warehouse he's got the access
he's got the keys he's already got a
prototype hoodie that we haven't shown
anybody
yet let's see Ridge wallet no way you
paid for that I definitely didn't stole
my cable management techniques did I
just coil everything well I want you to
know that that's been sitting that way
since I moved in what are we doing with
these ceiling speakers I mean we're just
putting an amp in there so I can
actually use them right but like for
movies or like just music just music
okay cuz you know their intention was
for movies right probably watch movies
cuz there's your Center Channel and your
left and your right whoever put these in
was a little confused about how speakers
work I have no idea what you're saying
right now what is this did Elijah hang
this aha
aha I found the children's literature
box this is going to be really
embarrassing you know how upset I'm
going to be if you don't have the ABCs
and get you piece of did you regift
it what no you didn't give it to me you
don't have an ABC of gaming me I keep
forgetting Nick I just really hungry
caterpillar this is on Thursday he
ate four strawberries but he was still
hungry what kind of story is that bro
doesn't even have the shape order toy I
know dude I try to follow the rules and
not steal from the office
so you steal only for yourself well this
is 5 years old or something that's new
yeah I did steal this yeah that's true
what the heck Nick you don't have a
single child thing from our store my kid
is like 6 months old you also didn't
gift me anything never too early to stop
I'm pretty sure I've gifted you stuff
don't even don't Ivon totally shopped
for stuff for you and gave you yeah yeah
yeah no sorry that wasn't what I was
trying to say I gave you nothing though
you're right okay sure here we
go took the
H you took the limited edition only 69
or I guess 70 exist beanie what a guy
like you said I can take things like
this commuter backpack that only three
of exist hey this commuter backpack is
right now on a 20% off deal if you buy
it through YouTube shopping at launch
okay that's a very dangerous claim to
make cuz I I think they're going to supp
it might not be a 20% off anymore but
it's like everything that's great about
the big backpack only smaller and you
guys thought that I couldn't resist
going into pitch man mode D why am I
here you have a pretty sweet gaming
station already too Budd got the steam
deck got the gaming laptop 100% taken
from work with a dbrand skin 100% taken
from work the bring that back got the PC
what are we even upgrading in here we
could upgrade mounting things to your
wall I bet this has been here since you
moved in yep hey Elijah no one question
I have is don't you run a store that
makes Cable Management products
yep oh I found a guitar yeah are you
going to play for us uh no because I
haven't played in literally 15 years
come on you got to play something I mean
play something are we actually getting
on the guitar or no yeah what why no I
hate you so much you're the worst person
lus is a piece of sh
if you want to hear more of Nick's
amazing song head over to lmg gg/
floatplane we have extras not only for
Nick's upgrade but a ton of the other
AMD upgrades and even extra bonus
content yeah
lus he's a good
guy what is your problem I'm trying to
come up with a song on the spot well I
didn't ask for I want a Christmas song
well I don't play Christmas music look
at your house when I was 17 I played in
a rock band oh sorry let me get you a
plastic guitar then sorry
sorry is this a receiver no this is a
soundbar yeah wait what you're where are
you putting a soundbar with the TV but
the room is wired for like
5.1 Elijah I have no defense I just I
okay why don't we start with the
computer here we go we're going small
form factor today boys I couldn't help
noticing you're missing a few parts
though I don't see say for example a CPU
well we've been cooking that up for you
but uh we'll get to that in a moment
yeah you're not going to build in here
because in here I'm going to be working
on his new laptop docking station and
his KVM switch so he can switch between
the upgraded computer and his work
laptop all right I guess now is as good
a time as any to acknowledge AMD who
sponsored this Tech
upgrade where's the CPU well lus we've
been cooking something up for you thanks
to our sponsor AMD that's the second
time we've heard that punch line
creating an amazing product
what the new AMD ryzen 5 uh 9600
x where's my leather jacket damn it
okay let's just build a computer are you
reusing some parts from your old one
yeah I have a okay I'll go get it and
then we'll we're going to make it small
we're going to make your computer small
it's going to be good you might be in
the running against David for nastiest
computer in one of these upgrades no
dude oh damn all right what all are we
taking out of here the Storage storage
and the GPU okay cool while we're doing
that we might as well roll out the new
LT mod man coming soon to an LTT store
near you yeah what is this still coming
soon by the time this goes up yeah it'll
be mid January probably how do you think
I cleaned this the last time I cleaned
it 2 years ago not a cloth some sort of
uh way of pushing air on it i't been
blowing on it have you ever used a leaf
blower to clean out your
PC cuz I have that's a great part to
segue to the next part did you get a new
leaf blower yeah it's actually a muler
SL leaf blower dog let's go I just
thought you already had one I mean cuz I
like otherwise what happened here
is I got mulched yo bro what's up bro
how' you get ASRock to make a special
motherboard just for you you're such an
idiot Phantom gaming a620 I light you're
actually so dumb it's
insane now normally I ask the upgrade e
hey why'd you choose that particular
processor you know cuz AMD sponsored the
whole thing and all uh but in this case
it's pretty clear he has absolutely no
idea why but I'm going to give him a
chance anyway why did you choose the
ryzen 59600 X so actually I need to stop
you there you're not going to believe
this um as I was pulling up the cover I
think I hit a pin with my fingernail you
did okay well I will explain why you
chose the CPU it's got six cores Zen 5
it's a good entry to the am5 platform
which AMD has committed to supporting
for another couple of years still giving
him a very healthy upgrade path if in
the future he wanted to go x3d for like
the ultimate gaming but realistically he
has a infant at this point so he's not
doing much gaming these days anyway also
it's going to be amply fast for you're
going to be doing some music stuff with
it right
uh I mean nothing crazy but yeah yeah I
mean well we saw that he's a good
guy damn oh hey hi baby some adults even
men have this I know right isn't that
weird what I've ripped all of Nick's
cables out one of the biggest upgrades
like I talked about was a KVM we
actually got this one from Level One
tech Wendell we did a video about this 2
years ago you can get some pretty crazy
ones from them that'll do four different
computers to four different monitors and
the biggest selling point with this is
whenever you change or hit whatever
button you're going to you can switch
between those computers and use the same
mouse and keyboard in this case we're
going with one that will support two
monitors so all we need to then do is a
new pluggable dock for his laptop laptop
plugs into these two computer plugs into
this one and then he can switch whenever
he wants between gaming and work you
missed it but he was like standing here
and then he was like moving he's like oh
do you need more light and I was like no
I got two already yeah he does anyway um
that
yeah I just used the tiny slot bit in
the L let's go Precision screwdriver
which should be available for back order
at this point how's it look good to me
just uh align the triangle to the
triangle this is the worst video ever
we've made it this far in and there's no
B deline merchandise I think we're doing
okay let's go excuse
me hey if this video gets 100,000 likes
can you buy me a battery backup for my
house and install it what no why what
would that if this gets 100,000 likes
lonus has to buy me a battery back up
from my house and install the original
budget he said was I'm deciding between
the new iPhone this $5,000 battery
backup for my entire house or $5,000 of
S&P 500 let's go I said none of those
yeah you can't do f i the battery backup
could have been kind of cool it been a
short video please hey we did do DIY AC
for him maybe we can do DIY battery
backup that I'm down for all right let's
do it if you'll let me DIY it I will
build it here if this gets 150 ,000
likes I'll do it personally will tinan
supervise you yeah if this video gets
200,000 likes a rivan r1s what no but if
it gets 250,000 likes I will build him a
rivan r1s we stop asking so let's keep
building the PC please we can't keep
upping the light count but can we keep
upping the light
count no thank you I figured out one of
the other reasons that Elijah chose this
CPU uh which by the way you never
actually said when you said you were
going to say uh it's because he's going
small form factor and when it set to 65
Watts it's like runs super cool so you
don't need a ton of cooling for it okay
why did you choose the CP so you should
have the right thermals because at the
time of the budget we were already kind
of pushing that 5K Mark and we could
have gone with the 3D chip which would
have been a little bit more expensive
put him quite a bit over but he didn't
need it the games he's telling me he
plays is like track Mania yeah so like
we don't need to justify it we can save
a couple hundred bucks and get him
something else I used to try messaging
him being like hey do you want to like
game with us or whatever and he'd be
like I'm like an old man and I go to bed
at 9:00 so I can't you when have you
ever messaged me to game not in years
cuz I gave up this is a lie dud don't
make me dig through my Steam Chat
history with you go for it I have
messaged you go for it to be fair lonus
you messaged me at 12:30 and was like
taped a tape and I'm like lus it is
midnight yeah so do you have school in
the morning you follow
coming over remotely we literally do
have school in the morning are you sure
those little screws don't have come out
why is this back plate not coming
off I just hear my motherboard cracking
I'm like H okay did you check the
instructions on this okay got a thermal
r ax90 x why the instructions so we know
what to do what but you're the guy oh
you can use either we can use the oam
back plate we just got to use different
Hardware everything is fine okay so we
cracked the board for nothing no no no
no it's not cracked it's good here
listen do you have these I have what
these idiot what am I doing remove the
bracket oh my go why you have the
instruction why because those are for
amd's competitor and I used the c word
kind of loosely here to be a competitor
you got to compete got to have a CO
CEO you know what the worst part is he
had a cable management like netting that
he just wasn't using it was just all on
the floor and the desk is metal so the
MCM stuff sticks real easy just never
used it can you hear him right now why
would I cable manage something I can't
see you're getting burned so hard good
perfect that's it yeah uh did you put
the logo on upside down it's a fan wait
are you kidding me right now dude
there's another layer there's some
surface mount components on the back of
this board that are like making it so
this is barely going to fit I guess PC
part picker lies it's not compatible
dude these incompatibilities are
flipping wild it can't because of this
are we just like missing the point
somehow it can't be this dumb right it
can be this dumb the pressure of the CPU
Cooler is not f is going to keep the CPU
in the socket yeah no I instead of this
I understand yeah but this is
theoretically not fine and shouldn't be
a thing yeah oh yeah cuz the moment you
take this cooler off you're ripping that
CPU out yeah yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah hey I mean I already screwed
up one of the pins so he's just trying
to get a free motherboard I think he
already is already is a free motherboard
thanks AMD I really want this computer
to work Nick we've installed RAB and CPU
we've been here for 2
hours I don't even want to go any
further until I've seen this post all
right so let's grab your power supply
which by the way is total Overkill I
don't know what Elijah is doing specking
this th000 watt let's go 1,000 watt
he needs like a 500 W power supply
brother he has a 380 TI 370 TI what damn
it you did say 3070 I can't believe
after the one AMD thing he didn't
upgrade in his rig we're at the
Christmas party
yo let's go I won let's go no Elijah
Don't you'll put a hole in the
wall at least I don't have a steep
staircase okay good luck everybody
I just need to see this thing post and
then I'm comfortable building the rest
of a computer you don't want to build a
small form factor computer and then have
to troubleshoot it it sucks give it a
sec she's got to do some
memory all right okay well that's great
okay so I don't need to build this
anymore oh okay you can take over now oh
that was stressful Dude using our LTT
Precision screwdriver with integrated
bit storage wow amazing see how long
this this cap spins wow
we got a fractal Tara here you guys know
the drill it's a good case it's why we
keep using it can I get some service
around here some
entertainment somebody yeah right that's
what I'm talking about I know believe it
or not this is the show people watch
this for entertainment can you believe
it okay what are you what are you what
are you what are you working on over
here we got PSU I think ready to rock
here okay cool yeah let's throw that in
do you ever put the SS
yeah oh good job you should put it on
the back slot if you ever want to
upgrade it's easier access on the back
no no no no you put it on the back now
so that later oh if you want to expand
yeah let's get some side panels
on why did I end up doing all the work
again this always happens man my God
what are you
doing you might feel a little pressure
hey all right that looks great she's B
give the these panel gaps remind me of a
Tesla got
themom wow this is so much smaller than
your old computer and less
dirty okay while lonus finishes
reviewing a video we're actually going
to get started on his in seiling
speakers we bought this Juke audio this
is the Juke 6 cuz you have five speakers
in the living room here so we'll do Zone
one zone two and zone three in the
living room can be the living room we'll
do zone four is the kit can be the
kitchen five could be the living room
and then six can be outside that's how
we wire it all up Okay so we've got them
all in the clips now now we just need to
plug them all in and then power it on
thankfully this does do ethernet but I
don't see an ethernet port here not yet
no which is okay because using the app
you can pair with Bluetooth and then add
it to your Wi-Fi so it'll still work
totally fine and the app setup was
actually like surprisingly easy when I
tested it at the office so hopefully
it'll be just as easy here but let's
plug them all in yeah it goes we got the
Juke app installed it gives us the
Ethernet or Wi-Fi option we're going to
go with the Wi-Fi yeah and then I should
be able to you see see these little
options down here you can sometimes pick
where you want this to be so we'll try
kitchen yeah it'll take a
second it's working let's head over
there that one sounds like it's on this
one doesn't sound like it's
on okay we might have to double check
that connection yeah let's try the
dining room oh shoot is no
happen oh oh I hear that's the living
room we might have crossed our streams a
bit here that's okay we can rename it in
the however it works and the other thing
that we can do is we can work on pairing
zones together because we set up those
speakers as like two two and then one
we'll be able to go into the Juke app
and combine all three of those zones as
like a room or a grouping and then from
there in the same interface in Spotify
it'll show up as whole living room or
whatever else all right so while Elijah
is figuring out the zones we're going to
start unboxing the Soundbar so we can
have that ready to rock this might
actually be the one piece of the build
that I can just literally do myself
think so yes okay that's really
interesting because all I did was I
unplugged those living room speakers and
plugged these ones into those ports that
they were using so it makes me a little
worried that maybe ports Zone one and
two on that Juke might be damaged I'm
going to do the same for those speakers
and we'll try rep putting it back and
figure it
out as you saw by the baby jamming out
we did get the Soundbar and the sub
working from the Soundbar kit but as you
also probably saw me running around
trying to figure out what's going on I
think some of the speakers might be
damaged or something the cables might
not be run right or something because if
you look at the patio speakers the
cables are kind of going down into the
speaker meaning if there was ever a
chance that like condensation built up
on that it could be dripping in I have
these seven speakers working so the
kitchen and the living room and when
we've tried to swap the zones around on
the Juke it was just not playing with
the other speakers yep again I don't
know if that's a Juke problem or the
speakers in the ceiling problem but you
do have audio working if you want to try
it let's give it a try right now with
your phone let's do
it there we
go I can hear all three at least this
one is
working we have this whole section of
the house music
up boss is here to inspect I thought you
were going to get an AV receiver and
then you were going to use these
speakers that are wired up here for like
uh five channel like surround sound and
then you'd use that I wasn't aware that
these were in a five surround setup I
thought it was five speakers just in
this room and so we had ordered the Juke
already it was already on its way so
you're saying you got
juked you know what if Nick's happy I'm
happy yes are you happy Nick you know
what it's does like I'm happy l
now we just need to get this room going
I see you guys made a lot of progress in
here yes what I did get working is the
KVM is set up right now with his laptop
to accept all three displays including
the laptop one I have the cables for
this just run over by the docking
station there and all you guys need to
do wire up this computer confirm it's
working with the docking station and
then set up the rest of the peripherals
what are you doing stop stop putting the
computer behind the thing
there you happy I will be happy once
you're off the desk I'm thrilled hey
it's Ikea it's
quality where's my tech tips fit oh my
God don't encourage them oh I'm missing
another thing network cable maybe I like
how you're just lounging it's
comfortable bunk gaming setup how have
we never done that it's bunk what is
what are we even doing here what do you
tell me you were complaining about his
keyboard look at I need aard I asked our
friends at dbrand if they could send me
a free keycap because I'm you know a rat
like that um and they were like hold my
beer bro I'm going to send you a
keyboard but you have to open it on
camera oh so you haven't opened this I
haven't I haven't looked at this I have
no idea what this is oh boy three two
1 what the actual oh hell um they must
be trying to say something there's got
to be a pattern to the keys that they
replaced so they've replaced the e r t o
ow s it's freaking sharp oh what they've
done is make it so I can't type LTT
store.com wait did you actually just
figure that out on the fly
yes world class thank you dbrand uh
short lin.com for not letting me type
LTT
store.com how about 4 foot n wow dbrand
going through
menopause no more periods hey look they
knew what to say in response to that
there we go LGT store.com I was already
there I didn't have to type it you
debrand yeah got him okay all right so
this is working so here's the sitch then
no flicker yeah no nothing so it's
something with the laptop well it's
either the laptop or the Dock dock yeah
I mean either way good enough not my
problem not my computer while Elijah
figures out what's going on with that
monitor you got some more gear here yep
uh I got some new headphones I mean you
were touching on my my old sorry Elijah
my old headphones here yeah not because
I wanted to yeah you like them I mean
they got that tape Vibe I heard that's
really trendy these look like a great
choice I haven't actually tried the
dt700 pro X's but they seem kind of Rel
oh my God your head is so big yeah it's
huge These are nice pretty isolating I
prefer that we've got a fine mic arm an
at2020 mic and an nexo AI powered webcam
yeah why the fancy 4K webcam
Elijah did you choose anything nope he
had mentioned he wanted a better webcam
than he had and we had a bunch of these
in inventory so I was able to take it
for real cheap and I got a deal your mic
arms
plasted and I can't get it
open not being able to do how what
huh okay all right all right all right
just relax
okay okay what all we got here we got
the oh look at that got the RGB darking
station docking stationing station
darking station oh check out this I Sky
Cipher Sky Cipher
Xbox oh is it clear yeah dude oh cool I
love clear Tech dude look at that o so
cool transparent Sky Cipher translucent
whatever you call it wow you're steam
deck has some dust on it brother do you
even use this thing uh I used it more a
few months ago when the baby was very
young okay
there it's not working I mean this is a
weird thing to walk in
on I trying to get the microphone test
working we're doing okay we're getting
the Scarlet all set up here it's just
updating and everything the headphones
it's working as a sound output right now
okay we're just trying to get the input
working we do have it switching over to
the laptop but it'll only do one Monitor
and the laptop monitor again I think it
might be the pluggable dock but I'm also
going to talk to Wendell about it and
see if there's something weird between
the KVM and this dog or
[Music]
something all right cool now it's fixed
tell me what you did um one of the
display port ports is an ALT mode
Port so we were probably in the wrong
one the whole time such a simple thing I
should have known what a sick setup now
look at this we got we got all three
here and
like dude and then now you can be all
like hacking the main frame on your
laptop and then be like scroll scroll
one
boom desktop let's go now now we're
Gamers now we're gaming let's game boys
it's pretty cool setup though yeah dude
that's so smooth now that it's plugged
into the right port
and I also got a new Macbook which is
actually going under the tree for my
wife for Christmas um so there might be
some footage of that
now it's not a perfect
solution
however it's working so we can't get it
working wirelessly right now do we think
we're going to be able to get it working
Wireless I don't know maybe should be Oh
Come come on this is hard yep while he's
doing this I'll just do a quick recap
man we got his desktop upgraded it's now
like a super small power efficient not
to mention cool running small form
factor we got that sick KVM setup that
allows him to nearly instantaneously
switch between his work laptop and his
home gaming desktop we've got our steam
deck dock all set up in the living room
here got the Christmas present and of
course the most important part a giant
in flatable
snowman truly an upgrade budget well
spent well and a leaf FL and multure
thanks AMD for sponsoring this AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade I mean
realistically who else who else would
sponsor AMD ultimate Tech upgrade if you
guys are looking for more like this why
don't you go check out um sebastians
sebastians yeah he he's actually on Nick
team